[DOCS] Add documentation for ValidationDefinition.get_unexpected_rows() (#11712)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/core/trigger_actions_based_on_results/choose_a_result_format/_result_output_reference_table.md

| unexpected_index_list         | A list of the indices of the unexpected values in the column, as defined by the columns in `unexpected_index_column_names`. This only applies to Expectations that have a yes/no answer for each row. |
| unexpected_index_query        | A query that can be used to retrieve all unexpected values (SQL and Spark), or the full list of unexpected indices (Pandas). This only applies to Expectations that have a yes/no answer for each row. |
| unexpected_list               | A list of up to 200 values that violate the Expectation.                                                                                                                                          |

> | unexpected_rows               | Up to 200 complete rows that violate the Expectation. The format depends on the Data Source. For example, a SQL Data Source will return a list of dictionaries while a Spark Data Source will return a DataFrame. Applies to Column Map, Column Pair Map, Multicolumn Map, and Unexpected Rows Expectations only. Note that [`ExpectColumnValuesToBeOfType`](https://greatexpectations.io/expectations/expect_column_values_to_be_of_type/) and [`ExpectColumnValuesToBeInTypeList`](https://greatexpectations.io/expectations/expect_column_values_to_be_in_type_list/) will return unexpected rows for only Pandas Data Sources. To retrieve all unexpected rows without this limit, use [`ValidationDefinition.get_unexpected_rows()`](/core/run_validations/retrieve_all_unexpected_rows.md).

Reviewer: The flow of the information here is a bit clunky. 
- In the new sentence, "this limit" refers to something mentioned 5 sentences ago so it feels kind of disconnected.
- The sentence that directly precedes the new sentence mentions 2 Expectations that aren't supported by the new method

Here's a suggestion to improve the flow and clarity

```suggestion
| unexpected_rows               | Up to 200 complete rows that violate the Expectation. Applies to Column Map, Column Pair Map, Multicolumn Map, and Unexpected Rows Expectations only. To retrieve all failing rows for an [`UnexpectedRowsExpectation`)([UnexpectedRowsExpectation](https://greatexpectations.io/expectations/unexpected_rows_expectation/)) without the 200-row limit, use [`ValidationDefinition.get_unexpected_rows()`](/core/run_validations/retrieve_all_unexpected_rows.md). The format returned in `unexpected_rows` depends on the Data Source. For example, a SQL Data Source will return a list of dictionaries while a Spark Data Source will return a DataFrame. Note that [`ExpectColumnValuesToBeOfType`](https://greatexpectations.io/expectations/expect_column_values_to_be_of_type/) and [`ExpectColumnValuesToBeInTypeList`](https://greatexpectations.io/expectations/expect_column_values_to_be_in_type_list/) will return unexpected rows for only Pandas Data Sources.
```

> | unexpected_rows               | Up to 200 complete rows that violate the Expectation. The format depends on the Data Source. For example, a SQL Data Source will return a list of dictionaries while a Spark Data Source will return a DataFrame. Applies to Column Map, Column Pair Map, Multicolumn Map, and Unexpected Rows Expectations only. Note that [`ExpectColumnValuesToBeOfType`](https://greatexpectations.io/expectations/expect_column_values_to_be_of_type/) and [`ExpectColumnValuesToBeInTypeList`](https://greatexpectations.io/expectations/expect_column_values_to_be_in_type_list/) will return unexpected rows for only Pandas Data Sources. To retrieve all unexpected rows without this limit, use [`ValidationDefinition.get_unexpected_rows()`](/core/run_validations/retrieve_all_unexpected_rows.md).

Reviewer: Similar table cells about the related `"include_unexpected_rows"` key appear in a few other tables on the result format page. Since users commonly ask about surpassing the 200-row limit, I think it would be helpful to mention the new method most places we mention that limit

I think it would be helpful to mirror this update in the following files/locations

 - `/core/trigger_actions_based_on_results/choose_a_result_format/_optional_key_reference_table.md` - The "Result format keys" table in the [Validation Results reference tables](https://deploy-preview-11712.docs.greatexpectations.io/docs/core/trigger_actions_based_on_results/choose_a_result_format?results=result_format_keys#validation-results-reference-tables) section
- `/core/trigger_actions_based_on_results/choose_a_result_format/_additional_settings/_BASIC.md:` - the "BASIC" table under "Reference the table below for valid keys and how they influence the generated Validation Results:"
- `/core/trigger_actions_based_on_results/choose_a_result_format/_additional_settings/_SUMMARY.md` - the "SUMMARY" table under "Reference the table below for valid keys and how they influence the generated Validation Results:"
- `/core/trigger_actions_based_on_results/choose_a_result_format/_additional_settings/_COMPLETE.md` - the "COMPLETE" table under "Reference the table below for valid keys and how they influence the generated Validation Results:"

I'm honestly not sure why this content is broken out into reusable files like this since none of them are actually re-used anywhere. I find this structure adds a lot of overhead to making docs updates but that's a docs-debt issue for another day.

> | unexpected_rows               | Up to 200 complete rows that violate the Expectation. Applies to Column Map, Column Pair Map, Multicolumn Map, and Unexpected Rows Expectations only. To retrieve all failing rows for an [`UnexpectedRowsExpectation`)([UnexpectedRowsExpectation](https://greatexpectations.io/expectations/unexpected_rows_expectation/)) without the 200-row limit, use [`ValidationDefinition.get_unexpected_rows()`](/core/run_validations/retrieve_all_unexpected_rows.md). The format returned in `unexpected_rows` depends on the Data Source. For example, a SQL Data Source will return a list of dictionaries while a Spark Data Source will return a DataFrame. Note that [`ExpectColumnValuesToBeOfType`](https://greatexpectations.io/expectations/expect_column_values_to_be_of_type/) and [`ExpectColumnValuesToBeInTypeList`](https://greatexpectations.io/expectations/expect_column_values_to_be_in_type_list/) will return unexpected rows for only Pandas Data Sources.

Reviewer: The markdown for one of the links here is wonky. here's how it's rendering. I think this came directly from a suggestion I shared in the last round so apologies for that 

<img width="409" height="58" alt="Screenshot 2026-03-19 at 2 50 27 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6a5e333a-75c1-46d4-a670-34f63797b7b2" />

```suggestion
| unexpected_rows               | Up to 200 complete rows that violate the Expectation. Applies to Column Map, Column Pair Map, Multicolumn Map, and Unexpected Rows Expectations only. To retrieve all failing rows for an [`UnexpectedRowsExpectation`](https://greatexpectations.io/expectations/unexpected_rows_expectation/) without the 200-row limit, use [`ValidationDefinition.get_unexpected_rows()`](/core/run_validations/retrieve_all_unexpected_rows.md). The format returned in `unexpected_rows` depends on the Data Source. For example, a SQL Data Source will return a list of dictionaries while a Spark Data Source will return a DataFrame. Note that [`ExpectColumnValuesToBeOfType`](https://greatexpectations.io/expectations/expect_column_values_to_be_of_type/) and [`ExpectColumnValuesToBeInTypeList`](https://greatexpectations.io/expectations/expect_column_values_to_be_in_type_list/) will return unexpected rows for only Pandas Data Sources.
```
